lib: edge_impulse: Expand ei_wrapper API (#6013)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_edge_impulse.rst

#. Enable and specify the Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) in the :kconfig:`CONFIG_EDGE_IMPULSE_URI` Kconfig option.
   You can set it to one of the following values:

   * An absolute or relative path to a file in the local file system.
     For this variant, you must download the :file:`zip` file manually and place it under path defined by the Kconfig option.

>      The relative path starts from application source directory (``APPLICATION_SOURCE_DIR``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     The relative path is tracked from the application source directory (``APPLICATION_SOURCE_DIR``).
```
